README.md, before:

# Introduction

pom2feed connects the world of Zero Install with [Apache Maven](http://maven.apache.org/). With this project Zero Install gets access to the huge number of Java projects available at [Maven Central](http://search.maven.org/). This is made possible by two components: the pom2feed Service and the pom2feed Maven Plugin.

CI Builds:  
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/0install/pom2feed.svg?label=Windows)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/0install/pom2feed)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/travis/0install/pom2feed.svg?label=Linux)](https://travis-ci.org/0install/pom2feed)


# pom2feed Service

The pom2feed Service is a Java Servlet which transparently maps the [POMs](http://maven.apache.org/pom.html) from Maven Central to [Zero Install feeds](http://0install.net/interface-spec.html).

You can use [Java system properties](http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/environment/sysprop.html) to configure the service:
* `pom2feed-service.serviceURL` (MUST be set to URL where service is hosted)
* `pom2feed-service.mavenRepository` (MAY be set to alternative Maven repository)
* `pom2feed-service.gnuPGKey` (MUST be set to ID of GnuPG signing key)

A public instance of the service is hosted at http://maven.0install.net/. Have a look at the (automatically generated) [Google Guava feed](http://maven.0install.net/com/google/guava/guava/) for an example.


# pom2feed Maven Plugin

To comfortably create Zero Install feeds for your own Maven project you can use `pom2feed-maven-plugin`. This will convert your Maven dependencies to Zero Install dependencies (pointing to the public instance of the pom2feed Service) so you can deploy your application without having to include or host the dependencies yourself. To do this you have two options: include `pom2feed-maven-plugin` in your POM or invoke it from the command-line.

## Include it in your POM

Add the following to your project's POM to automatically generate a feed at Maven's package goal.
`xml
<build>
   <plugins>
      ...
      <plugin>
         <groupId>net.zeroinstall.pom2feed</groupId>
         <artifactId>pom2feed-maven-plugin</artifactId>
         <version>1.0.0</version>
         <executions>
            <execution>
               <phase>package</phase>
               <goals>
                  <goal>generate</goal>
               </goals>
            </execution>
         </executions>
      </plugin>
      ...
   </plugins>
</build>
`
After executing `mvn package` at your Maven project root you can find the generated feed in the `target` folder.

## Generate feed from the command-line

If you don't want to include the plugin in your POM, or you just want to try it out once, you can invoke the plugin from the command-line. Just run `mvn net.zeroinstall.pom` and the feed will be created in the `target` folder.

Commit message:

Replaced Travis CI with AppVeyor for Linux builds

README.md, after:

# Introduction

pom2feed connects the world of Zero Install with [Apache Maven](http://maven.apache.org/). With this project Zero Install gets access to the huge number of Java projects available at [Maven Central](http://search.maven.org/). This is made possible by two components: the pom2feed Service and the pom2feed Maven Plugin.

[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/0install/pom2feed.svg)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/0install/pom2feed)

**Important:** [Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/), a build-time dependency, does not support Java 10 yet. However, the resulting artifact will work on Java 10.


# pom2feed Service

The pom2feed Service is a Java Servlet which transparently maps the [POMs](http://maven.apache.org/pom.html) from Maven Central to [Zero Install feeds](http://0install.net/interface-spec.html).

You can use [Java system properties](http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/environment/sysprop.html) to configure the service:
* `pom2feed-service.serviceURL` (MUST be set to URL where service is hosted)
* `pom2feed-service.mavenRepository` (MAY be set to alternative Maven repository)
* `pom2feed-service.gnuPGKey` (MUST be set to ID of GnuPG signing key)

A public instance of the service is hosted at http://maven.0install.net/. Have a look at the (automatically generated) [Google Guava feed](http://maven.0install.net/com/google/guava/guava/) for an example.


# pom2feed Maven Plugin

To comfortably create Zero Install feeds for your own Maven project you can use `pom2feed-maven-plugin`. This will convert your Maven dependencies to Zero Install dependencies (pointing to the public instance of the pom2feed Service) so you can deploy your application without having to include or host the dependencies yourself. To do this you have two options: include `pom2feed-maven-plugin` in your POM or invoke it from the command-line.

## Include it in your POM

Add the following to your project's POM to automatically generate a feed at Maven's package goal.
`xml
<build>
   <plugins>
      ...
      <plugin>
         <groupId>net.zeroinstall.pom2feed</groupId>
         <artifactId>pom2feed-maven-plugin</artifactId>
         <version>1.0.0</version>
         <executions>
            <execution>
               <phase>package</phase>
               <goals>
                  <goal>generate</goal>
               </goals>
            </execution>
         </executions>
      </plugin>
      ...
   </plugins>
</build>
`
After executing `mvn package` at your Maven project root you can find the generated feed in the `target` folder.

## Generate feed from the command-line

If you don't want to include the plugin in your POM, or you just want to try it out once, you can invoke the plugin from the command-line. Just run `mvn net.zeroinstall.pom` and the feed will be created in the `target` folder.
